(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 11)
Hello.
I'm newly appointed as a regular employee...
at the Haesung Apparel Marketing Team.
My name is Seo Ji An.
Nice to meet you.
Ji An.
- Ji An's here. - Ji An.
How are you?
What's going on?
Well, she used to be on the regular employee list.
That list was found during an internal inspection.
Really?
But we didn't mean to do that to her.
Sir, shouldn't you check on this?
As the marketing team was separated,
we were supposed to be in charge of the apparel,
and the FNB Marketing Team was newly composed.
Why is she on our team instead of the other one?
Right. I think there's been a mistake.
Why must this happen while I was away at a funeral?
Anyway, welcome.
Welcome, Ji An.
Sir, shouldn't we assign her a seat first?
She's even wearing a regular employee card.
Use the empty desk next to Ha Jung.
Yes, sir.
Good to see you all again.
- I'll be right back. - Okay.
Nice to see you again, Ji An.
Nice to see you too.
I bet you all missed my coffee.
I'll serve coffee to celebrate my first day.
Ji An, you don't have to bring us coffee anymore.
I'm aware of that. It's been a while though.
I'll bring you coffee for my reemployment.
This is the last time though.
What happened to you?
The company was wise enough to mend mistakes,
so they corrected it as it should have been.
That's not what I meant.
Did you win the lottery or something?
I'm talking about the outfit you're wearing,
including your bag, shoes, and earrings.
Maybe I did win the lottery.
You did?
I just dressed up because it's my first day back.
But you can't afford those.
Your entire outfit would cost over 5,000 dollars.
Ms. Yoon.
Don't pry into my personal life.
Are we friends?
Not anymore.
Treat me as your alumna and colleague only.
Hey, I'm your senior colleague.
I would have been your senior colleague...
if I became a regular employee on schedule.
You stole my position with your connections.
Anyway, since I was hired after I was fired,
I will accept you as my senior colleague.
But only if you behave like one.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Ha Jung, you must feel awkward.
Did you apologize to her?
What apology?
She has connections too.
What are you talking about?
She had the best performance review.
Ms. Song,
do you know how much her bag costs?
That's a designer handbag.
That's not a designer handbag.
It's just a simple leather bag.
When people buy designer handbags by a rare chance,
they buy handbags from Louis Vuitton, Gucci,
or Prada to show off they're expensive bags.
But really rich people...
carry brands that only they know.
Items that don't look too obvious.
Come on. I'm sure it's a knockoff.
Her outfit isn't the only thing that has changed.
She's giving off a whole different aura.
She's feeling confident and showing off.
Don't be unreasonable.
Apologize, and think about how you two can get along.
Besides, connections don't form that quickly.
If she had connections, she wouldn't be nice.
She would have kicked you out and stolen your seat.
I was hired by a special employment plan!
I can go home already?
We sold all of our baked goods,
and don't you need to prepare for Chuseok too?
Where are you going for the holidays?
Are you visiting your parents?
That's none of your business.
Oh, right. And why do you always eat cup noodles?
- What's wrong with that? - I mean...
You put all of your effort...
into the bread our customers eat,
but you don't take care of yourself.
If you accept me as your pupil,
I will treat you as my master.
I can cook you all three of your daily meals.
I cook Korean, Chinese, and Japanese food.
I'm not interested.
Gosh, do you still not like me?
Let me tell you this one last time.
I don't want to make a lot of money,
I don't want to leave behind my skills,
and I'm afraid that I might live a long life.
So Ji Soo, I only need you...
as a part-timer.
Okay?
If you don't like that, you may resign.
Why though?
Why won't you leave behind your dough-making skills?
When I leave,
I don't want to leave a trace of me.
You're going to close down?
Mr. Kang!
No more questions.
Merry Chuseok.
He really has no plans of teaching me his skills.
Excuse me. Is anyone home?
Ji An. Seo Ji An.
That's Mr. Sun.
What is he doing in our neighborhood?
Ha Jung.
Is the Five Senses Project going well?
Of course. I'm planning how to carry it out.
When will you be done looking over the proposal?
When will you contact the enterprises...
and select them?
I'm not looking it over. I'm planning it now.
Hold on, sir.
This proposal was submitted by Ji An first.
Then shouldn't she execute the project?
The Five Senses Project...
Were you talking about the proposal I came up with?
No way.
You ordered me to take charge of that project.
I did say that because Ji An wasn't here then...
What are you doing with my proposal?
That was an event for the 40th anniversary.
That's precisely it.
A celebratory event for Haesung Apparel's...
40th anniversary.
Really?
Well, I read your proposal after you left,
and I thought it was a good idea.
So I submitted it under Ha Jung's name.
Then...
my proposal was selected?
That's not what's important here.
Then what is?
Carrying it out is what matters now.
It's me who's been handling it for weeks...
under the general manager's orders.
That was only a rough draft.
The details weren't included in the proposal.
I came up with that over only one night.
How has it been developed?
Why should I tell you that?
Sir,
I think you should give it back to Ji An.
But Ha Jung has been working on it until now.
Do you want to work on it together?
- I don't want to. - Together?
How about this?
Since we need the detailed draft of the proposal,
both of them should work on it,
and we'll decide between the two during a meeting.
That's a good idea. Does everyone agree?
That would be reasonable.
- I agree. - Sure.
- I agree as well. - So do I.
(GDP Growth Rate)
(Exported products in the 80s)
("Seo Tae Soo Successfully Exports Scrub Towels")
("10,000 Dollars' Worth of Towels to Middle East")
"Challenge yourself,"
"and don't give up."
"There will always be more opportunities."
("A Leading Businessman in the Middle East")
Gosh, did I still have this?
I used to be so successful.
But why am I struggling to get back out there?
Honey, are you...
really thinking about running a business again?
Don't prepare the table for Chuseok.
I'll visit my mom's grave...
and hold the memorial service there.
Okay. Have it your way.
Tell me how your first day of work went.
Didn't they make you feel uncomfortable?
Everyone was so nice to me.
At first, they felt a bit awkward,
but they got over that quickly.
That's how your colleagues treated you.
He's asking about how you felt.
It was touching.
I became a regular employee at the company...
where I used to work as a contract employee.
"It was touching"?
Are you still not aware of who you are?
It would be more dangerous if she changed so quickly.
Do Kyung is right on this.
Before we make our official announcement,
she must stay as an employee, Seo Ji An.
She may behave as such,
but she must prepare herself.
It's because I'm a bit excited.
There's a chance that I might be...
in charge of the 40th anniversary event.
Why would they give you such a big project...
as soon as you are rehired?
There was a contest for proposals for the event,
and it was open to all employees.
But contract workers couldn't participate,
so I wasn't going to submit mine.
However, the manager let me submit...
since he was sure I would become a regular employee.
The Five Senses Project?
How did you know about that?
That was yours?
But it wasn't under your name.
My contract had ended,
but he really liked my proposal.
So he submitted it under someone else's name.
He plagiarized your idea?
I was going to tell you about this.
We should hold a training session for our employees.
They broke our promise to contract workers too.
Let's talk about work at the company.
Eun Seok, you may go upstairs.
Yes. I must come up with a detailed proposal too.
I will go up now.
She seems to be motivated.
It's as if someone is making it all work.
If she takes charge of the event and does well,
she would be making a big contribution.
Support her without making it obvious.
I will.
I'm coming.
- Welcome. - Welcome.
Eun Seok, say hello.
They are your aunt and uncle.
How have you been, Aunt and Uncle?
Not "Hello", but "How have you been"?
Look how elegant she is.
I am glad you're back, Niece.
Thank you.
I'm glad to see you again, Niece.
Thank you for welcoming me.
She's just like when Myung Hee was young.
She's just as clever as her.
When you were young, you resembled your mom.
But now, you resemble your dad more.
Does she?
Isn't it hard to keep up with your mom's training?
I'm still not enough, so I'm trying to learn a lot.
It's strange to eat without having...
the ancestral ritual.
Dad, I know Ji An left,
but we're still here. Why don't we have the ritual?
Our grandparents would be upset.
I am going to go and hold a ritual alone.
Are you going...
to Gangwon Province right after breakfast?
Let's go together.
- I'll come too. - Me too.
No. I want to go alone.
I want to...
It happens when you get old.
I want to go back...
to being a young son again and sit in front of them.
I see. Is that why old people are like babies?
Eat up.
I have something to say before Dad leaves.
Why are you so serious?
Well,
until the college entrance exam,
can I stay at a dorm next to the academy?
A dorm?
Because I leave early and take the last train home,
I lack sleep. I get five hours of sleep.
It's a waste of time going back and forth.
Your study fees and allowances are big enough.
Ji An stopped giving us money too,
but you want to move out?
I won't spend to travel, and they will feed me.
The exam is only in one and a half months.
Also, I already have made arrangements...
for part-time jobs after the exam.
No.
You have anemia, and even your nose bled.
You should at least keep having homemade meals.
His nose bled?
Perhaps you picked your nose?
That's not it.
His face had turned pale because he got dizzy.
You only have a month and a half until the exam.
Change of environment won't do you any good.
You've been living here, but your grades went up.
Ms. Oh.
We thought Eun Seok was with you, but she's back.
She will greet you.
You can move back.
Myung Soo.
Yes, Father.
I ordered to appoint Do Kyung...
as the vice president of Haesung Apparel.
What?
When the sea is too calm for too long,
the wind won't blow.
If you are frustrated,
let the young man make a change.
Yes, sir.
Step forward now.
Father is the eldest among his four siblings.
His parents have all passed away.
If he's the eldest,
why isn't he having a ritual for his family?
He goes to his hometown after the holidays.
As the eldest son-in-law, he should host our ritual.
Besides, his parents have all passed away.
But still, they are his parents.
Shouldn't he hold a ritual for them as the eldest?
Then what about here?
Grandfather has only two daughters.
Well, he could take turns then.
Or they could host the rituals together here.
It was Dad's choice.
That's why he's the vice chairman of Haesung Group.
Even Uncle Myung Soo comes here for the holidays.
Always.
Since this family owns Haesung Group,
should everything revolve around this family?
And should Mother always have the final decision?
Mother is Haesung Group's eldest daughter.
Father earned much more by marrying Mother.
Mother is the eldest child of Haesung Group's leader.
So she is expected to play the role of a son.
To gain a lot, you must pay a big price.
To rich people, family matters are business too.
In this world, nothing is given without a cost.
Don't forget that.
Honey.
Please send someone good for Hee.
You made a mistake...
and sent her to a bad man,
so shouldn't you send her a good man now?
Stop it, Dad.
Not all men are bad, you know?
Of course. There are more good men.
I won't get remarried.
You're almost 40 now.
Will you live alone for the rest of your life?
Yes. I am going to live alone.
How many times must I say it? I won't get wed.
Don't you tell me that ever again.
You too, Hyuk.
We're not asking you to get remarried right now.
Hyuk,
am I a burden to you?
All right. Then we should live separately.
I can leave tomorrow.
I just want you to be happy.
I know.
I understand too.
I won't say it again until you change your mind.
Please stop Dad too.
You heard her.
I won't.
I won't say it.
I really won't.
You must be hungry.
Let's eat here and drink tea at the cafe.
This is quite nice.
Did she raise her children well too?
Have some hotteok.
How dare you seduce my daughter?
I told you to stay away. You should've listened.
How dare you!
Why is she with her family for Chuseok?
I heard her husband was the eldest son.
Oh, my darling.
Honey, nobody reported for a missing child...
Honey, isn't she just like her?
You thought she was Ji Soo too, didn't you?
Why did you cut her hair like that?
You said nobody reported a missing child.
See? Her parents abandoned her.
All right.
Look. She looks just like Ji Soo.
They won't recognize her at the airport.
Tae Soo.
Yes. Ji An.
Why didn't you stop her, Mother?
Can't you just let her do what she wants?
You saw her every time you came here.
While staying here...
for two months after Ji Soo died,
Mi Jung has been out of her mind.
Her real parents might look for her later.
They wouldn't have left her there if they cared.
They left her there to die.
She doesn't even know her own name.
She just babbles "Seok".
She is a child...
that our dear Ji Soo has sent for us.
All night, she wouldn't wake up even once...
and slept right next to me.
She wouldn't cry either.
You have to go to Dubai...
just the day after tomorrow.
How could you leave her in that state?
I think that child will make her herself again.
Consider this as a favor for her,
and please take in the child. I beg you.
Father.
Mother.
I am sorry.
It's Chuseok,
but I stopped your grandchildren from coming.
I miss you so much today, Mom.
Mom, you just wait and see.
I am going to earn a lot of money...
and bring Ji An back, okay?
What else would I do?
Of course,
I'll be very sorry to their family.
Mom.
What should I do?
Our dear Ji Tae, Ji An,
Ji Soo, and Ji Ho.
Dad. Mom.
Could you please ask to give me some more time?
Please tell him...
to cut me some slack.
Help me try to earn more money.
Please talk to him, would you?
Talk to the man up there.
Please talk to him for me.
Ji Soo.
How have you been?
Daddy is here.
I am trying to adjust to the life here.
I miss you so much,
but I am going to stay away for a while.
I will visit you...
when I get used to this life.
Ta-da.
Last year, you said you'd eat it while working late.
Who did you say it was for this time?
I said I'm giving it to my ex-colleague...
from my military service who lives alone.
What will you say next year?
Who says I'm going to do this again next year?
That might really come true.
There's no tomorrow for us.
That's why we get along so well.
You're right about that.
Eat.
I don't mind living alone.
But holidays are tough.
When my roommate goes to her hometown,
I miss my dad, mom,
and even my troublesome brother.
That's why...
I make all kinds of excuses every holiday...
to bring food for you.
I meant, it was like that until I met you.
Honey.
You're here.
Sit down. You're here early today.
I bought some drinks.
I'll use the ladies' room.
Okay.
Hey, Ji Tae.
Are you taking a trip down the memory lane?
- You embarrass me. - You're home.
Take this for me. It's heavy.
Give it to me.
Here.
It reminded me of old memories.
I guess even young people have memories.
I am not young anymore. I am 33.
How is a 33-year-old not young?
Does that mean I'm a grandpa since I'm over 60?
That's not what I meant.
If you think you're not young,
why don't you think about getting married?
You should think about starting a family.
I told you that I don't have plans to get married.
But why don't you want to get married?
There's no such reason.
Hey, wait for me.
Dad is here.
- You're back. - Yes.
Come here, and have a seat.
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
Why don't we talk in our room?
I want to discuss about Ji Ho.
What about Ji Ho?
- You're back, Dad. - Yes.
Ji Ho,
move into the dorm.
I will pay for it.
Thank you, Dad.
But don't slack off.
This time, you must go to college no matter what.
I will never give up on my life.
I am the hero of my life.
It's me, it's me
Yes, I should go pack now.
Thank you, Dad.
Why would you make Ji Ho move out?
You said you are going to run a shop.
Are you confident about supporting Ji Ho?
("Marketing Secrets")
(Type of school uniforms)
I wanted to know more about natural dyes.
Yes.
Okay.
This is it.
Come on in.
There's a window.
And there's a bed. It's nice, right?
Gosh, it's so comfortable, isn't it?
It'll be okay, Mom.
This is nice.
Gosh.
(The detailed proposal for "Satisfying Five Senses")
(Satisfying the Five Senses Project)
(Send)
What do you think?
Do you have a meeting today?
Madam Yoon of Seoyi Gallery said...
she got a few new paintings and sculptures.
So I invited some wives of the executives.
And I invited Chairman Jin of Jaeneung Foundation.
Aren't you being too hasty?
Mr. Jang's daughter will meet Do Kyung this winter,
so he'll be our family-in-law soon.
But you don't need to meet the son of New World yet.
Seo Hyun will study abroad for a year.
It's rumored that Shimsung wants Mr. Jang's daughter.
I'll introduce Mr. Jang to New World...
and make it into a fixed fact...
that we'll be in-laws.
Isn't it too soon?
(Announcement of Personnel Appointment)
(Haesung Apparel's vice president)
(Choi Do Kyung)
Mr. Choi is promoted to vice president.
- Really? - Yes.
- Did you see that? - Yes, I just did.
Now, the company is preparing...
to inherit ownership for the third generation.
I know him.
Are you saying that you know Choi Do Kyung? No.
I mean, Vice President Choi Do Kyung?
I met him when his father went...
to play golf with my father.
By the way, you can't say this to other people.
I don't understand why you're saying that then.
I just didn't want to make Do Kyung have any trouble.
So did you play golf with him?
Gosh, this is huge.
You just have a silk road ahead of you.
Ji An, did you print out the project proposals?
Sir, I printed out the project proposals.
Then hand it out to us.
Do it right. You're my son.
As you know, our sales haven't shown...
any growth for these several years.
It's you who called for aggressive marketing.
I know.
Once you get control of Haesung Apparel,
you can start with the bio-industry or such.
Why would you say that? We have you here.
You and I must go separate ways.
Remember why Chairman No sent you...
to Haesung Apparel where President Jung is.
I'll remember that.
All right. I want you to pick one proposal...
which would be better for our 40th anniversary.
Ha Jung and Ji An, close your eyes.
Let's begin.
Are you done?
Open your eyes.
Let's see the results now.
Yoon Ha Jung.
Seo Ji An.
Wait.
Is there anyone who made a mistake?
Ha Jung.
Do you think we'd make a decision...
without checking the contents of the proposal?
Then tell me why.
The biggest reason would be money.
Ha Jung, your proposal requires press releases,
casting 50 singers with high performance fee,
open air concerts, and a firework festival.
It goes over the budget.
And think about "Retro Foods".
Experiencing snacks around the world?
It's like putting the cart before the horse.
Ji An suggested to cast college student singers...
and give them a chance to sing in front of people.
At the same time,
they'll make people recall the good old days.
That was brilliant.
Your proposal is not much different from Ji An's.
Ji An has various ideas for experience events...
such as a fashion show, a hand printing contest,
a natural dyeing event, and even a free market.
So we've come up with a conclusion...
in a fair and democratic voting process.
Ji An, you should do this right.
This event is for our 40th anniversary.
Okay.
I'll make it work out well.
Ji An.
Congratulations. You must be happy.
Thanks.
I'm really happy about this.
How do you feel? Are you upset?
Not really. I was just afraid I'd be busy.
I felt sorry for you, so I just tried to be nice.
Did you?
I'm serious.
If I didn't, you would've been overloaded...
with too much work.
Too much work? What work?
Now, since the FNB team has been separated,
you should separate the marketing data.
Separate the data from the past 10 years,
and send me the data for Haesung Apparel.
The past 10 years?
You should go now. It's in the data room.
Do you want me to do it now?
That's what I did. So it's your job now.
That was the rookie's job.
Okay, I will.
Are you smiling at me?
Why?
I just realized...
what is going on.
What do you mean?
I'm not offended to whatever you say.
I can just do my work without being deflated.
It feels like I'm just letting you off.
So this is how it feels.
You're just letting me off?
Hey, you have nothing. You're not letting me off!
(Data Room)
Gosh.
This place just looks like a garbage dump.
She's the wife of the chairman of New World.
And she's the wife of the head of State Affairs.
I've heard so much about you.
I'm Son Mi Na.
Nice to meet you. I'm Han Go Eun.
I've always wanted to meet you.
We'll get related by marriage someday.
So President No's daughter will...
Yes. With my second son.
Madam Yoon said she got new valuable artworks.
I invited you two to show you the artworks first.
Is that it? Egon Schiele.
I like pop art these days.
Madam Yoon should be here to explain the artwork.
Why is she late?
- Give her a call now. - Okay.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Madam Hong.
I didn't know you were coming.
I heard Seoyi Gallery took some good artworks first.
So I came here to see them.
And I wanted to meet someone here.
Hello, ma'am.
Madam Yoon, why did you bring her?
She just dropped in without calling me.
I didn't have an excuse to make her leave.
All right.
Year 2010.
Oh no, this is very expensive.
Ms. No, I love paintings too.
Please call me when you have something good.
Of course.
My husband wants to have dinner...
with your couple before your daughter comes home.
Is it because things are going well? You look good.
Do I?
She looks good because she found her daughter.
What do you mean...
by saying that she found her daughter?
You know her big daughter had disappeared, right?
They got her back.
I was waiting to see...
when she'd share the good news,
but I heard nothing.
Why and how.
Did she grow up well?
How did you find out?
Ms. No,
do you think so little of me?
You can't ask me to reveal my source.
You know better.
My goodness. Then you really did find her.
Yes, I did.
You'll hear about it soon enough.
Please give me some more time.
This is...
a bit perplexing.
You'll see for yourself later,
but she grew up well.
I'm sure you have a plan that involves the company.
I understand that.
But we can't just accept that.
We could possibly become in-laws.
This could be a disaster.
What if she blows up like a landmine?
Am I wrong?
That wouldn't happen.
Ms. No, introduce your daughter to us.
Very well.
I'll arrange something very soon. However...
Don't worry too much, Ms. No.
Whatever state she's in,
we're willing to wait until...
you train her enough to make the announcement.
Madam Hong.
You're very wrong.
She's family.
She wasn't raised by a rich family,
but she studied business at Hyorim University...
and was already working at Haesung.
She works at Haesung?
Yes. That made me realize...
that blood has a way of bringing you together.
Then you can introduce her to us today.
Why wait until some other day?
Today?
Yes, Ms. No. If you'd do that for us,
we could all go home feeling assured.
(Mother)
Hello.
Are you off work?
No, I'm still at work.
You should get off soon.
Come to Seoyi Gallery's VIP room.
There are some people you must meet.
Right now?
I'm working...
in the archive room now.
It's so dusty that...
my clothes and hair are a mess.
You have one hour.
That's barely enough time to change.
Okay, then.
See you in an hour.
Why did she pretend not to hear me?
Oh, no. What should I do?
(Space Marketing Strategy)
Put these in the vice president's office...
and those in the cabinet for my successor.
Okay.
(Younger sister)
Hi, it's me.
Do Kyung, Mom just called.
I have an hour to get to Seoyi Gallery's VIP room.
She says there are some people I should meet.
"Seoyi Gallery's VIP room"?
"To meet some people"?
But while I was working...
in the archive room, I tore my clothes,
and I'm all dusty. What should I do?
Did you tell Mom you're a mess?
I told her all that,
but she gave me an hour and just hung up.
What? Go wash your face.
I'll call you back. Hurry up.
Is something wrong?
We got found out.
Who leaked the news?
One hour?
Call a taxi and a van.
Okay.
(Gi Jae)
Gi Jae, tell your personal shopper...
to bring some size 44 clothes...
for a 170cm woman to the back of your building.
It's an emergency.
What's wrong?
You have your own shopper.
There's a problem.
She's a working woman.
She can't look too flashy or too simple.
And...
Hello.
Come out to the back.
You'll find a taxi.
Get out wherever it drops you off.
Are you kidding me?
It's an emergency. I'm not kidding, so run.
Okay.
Get in.
What is this van?
I think you got found out.
How?
I don't know that yet.
She gave you an hour to get to Seoyi Gallery.
That means she's with people she can't avoid.
With whom?
Secretary Yoo, call to see if they're ready.
Okay.
Who are those people?
I can't go there looking like this.
I won't let that happen.
No, wait. That's not the problem.
I can't just show up so suddenly like this.
What if I mess up?
You can do this.
You did it in Yangpyeong.
You suddenly showed up and didn't tremble at all.
That was a very different situation from this.
I don't want to go unprepared.
You can't refuse because you don't want to.
This is very important.
You can't do this to me.
If Mom can't avoid the situation,
they must be really important people.
What should I say if they ask me any questions?
Say whatever you want.
What?
Say whatever you want,
and it will be the right answer.
How is your son?
He's very well.
He's a cunning boy.
He's so cheeky too.
He's such a good-looking young man.
I hope Eun Seok called Do Kyung.
What if she just shows up?
You and your son...
Don't overdo it.
It's been 10 hours since she put on her makeup.
It has to look like it's naturally smudged.
Understood, sir.
Here you go.
- Wear these. - Okay.
This too.
These shoes are too small.
Good. A successful transformation.
Let's go.
Call Mom now.
She'll be worried that I'll look like a mess.
Not when there are people watching.
What do you mean?
This is like a game.
If Mom gets a text or call, she loses.
You have to just show up...
without prior announcement.
This life isn't that easy either.
Seoyi Gallery's Madam Yoon...
and Mom go way back.
They collect artworks.
When a rare piece comes in,
a small group gathers to look at it and chat.
Then she's just with some friends.
They exchange information,
meet new people, and make new connections.
They meet each other because of such needs.
Mr. Jang's wife would probably be there.
And the chair of the board of Jaeneung Foundation.
Mom funds them.
Ms. Jin offers moral support in return.
Madam Yoon will be there, of course.
The person who'd force Mom into calling you over...
Madam Han, Seo Hyun's future mother-in-law?
I think that's everyone,
but I can't think of anyone else.
There's more than that?
None of those people would threaten Mom like this.
Someone who knows you and wants to see you now.
You're on your own from here.
Go on. You have seven minutes.
What if I mess up and cause Mom...
I mean, our whole family a lot of trouble?
That won't happen. You won't mess up.
Do Kyung.
Now, repeat after me.
I am Choi Eun Seok.
Gosh, do you think I don't know that?
Say it.
I am Choi Eun Seok.
- I am Choi Eun Seok. - I am not Seo Ji An.
Say it now.
- I am... - Look at me.
- What? - Look into my eyes.
I am not Seo Ji An.
I am...
- not Seo Ji An. - Who are you?
Choi... Eun Seok.
Again.
You are Choi Do Kyung's sister. Who are you?
Choi Eun Seok.
The daughter of Choi Jae Sung. Who?
The daughter of No Myung Hee. Who?
- Choi Eun Seok. - You are...
whom?
Choi Eun Seok.
Okay.
Good. 30 minutes.
Hang in there for just 30 minutes.
I like that too.
Pick just one today.
You can't stop once you start collecting art.
Ms. No, it looks like she won't show up.
Ms. Jin, can't you even tell the time?
We still have five minutes left.
A guest has arrived.
Excuse me for interrupting your meeting.
I came here because Mother called.
I'm Choi Eun Seok.
Hello.
They're viewing some artworks.
- Wait for us outside. - Sure.
That would be rude after telling her to come here.
We can introduce ourselves later.
Are you interested in art?
Yes.
Then join us.
Thank you.
Oh, this is Min Bok Jin's work.
Do you know him?
He's such a famous artist.
Prints of this sculpture are everywhere.
Yes, but...
my favorite out of all his work is "Love".
I see your mom taught you art first.
If you could buy just one, which would you choose?
That one, by Lee Yong Sool.
Do you know him too?
He's not that famous.
He has a consistently unique style.
I thought it was a photo and was surprised...
by the three-dimensional effect.
An actual photo of a bowl,
and a painting that creates an illusion.
Out of those two,
which is closer to the actual image of the bowl?
It's a unique way of portraying...
one's own illusions.
Did you study art?
No, I studied business.
Has it not been 30 minutes yet?
When did she go inside?
Wait just five more minutes.
That's enough.
I should go inside now.
You can head home. I'll bring the van to work.
Yes, sir.
Egon Schiele drew many self-portraits.
And he had complex relationships.
He even left a long-term lover...
for someone with a better background.
They both studied under Klimt, so their works...
look similar to "Life and Death",
but I prefer Kokoschka's "Bride of the Wind".
It was more touching.
He loved only one woman, Alma.
He suffered in the end as he couldn't have her,
but I think that love...
isn't about not changing. It is something eternal.
Do you know who Alma is?
I believe she was married to Gustav Mahler.
Though she remarried a few times after his death.
Seo Hyun.
I know you like Mahler,
but number three's too long. I'm not Alma.
Number two, Resurrection.
You know very much about art.
But I don't know much of pop or installation art.
Ms. No, you should send her to art school.
I might consider that. I'm shocked myself.
Gosh, Mr. Choi.
It's good to see you.
Sorry for the intrusion.
What are you doing here?
The chairman wanted to have dinner with Eun Seok.
She said she'd be here, so I came to get her.
Did we keep you from a family dinner?
I feel so sorry now.
I called her over...
so Madam Son and Madam Han could meet her.
I'm sure my father will understand.
I apologize, Ms. No.
Sorry, Mr. Choi.
Now, he is the vice president.
He got promoted already?
By the chairman's orders.
Eun Seok.
My dear daughter. I'm so proud of you.
Mom, why did you follow us?
To find out what happened.
Are you wearing Cinderella's shoes?
How did you change in just one hour?
Do Kyung helped me out.
I know he did.
Of all the things you did,
calling him was the best you did.
See you at home. I won't be long.
I need to sort out those women.
I think I'm about to die.
I was so nervous that my neck has gone stiff.
Gosh, I need some fresh air.
It felt as if the air in the room was thinning.
Did it? I couldn't tell at all.
Well done, Choi Eun Seok.
Then buy me some beer.
Buy me some beer.
Mom will be home soon. Don't drink just yet.
A can of beer is like soda to me.
Beer, beer, beer.
Let's go to the bar of our hotel on the way.
I don't like enclosed spaces.
Let's go to my hangout.
You have a hangout?
Do your feet hurt much?
They're just a bit achy.
I'm sorry for not asking your shoe size before,
but must you do that in public?
I'm afraid someone might see us.
I feel so alive now.
What's that scar on your foot?
Oh, this?
I got stitches when I was a kid.
How bad was it to still have a scar?
Stop staring. I feel embarrassed.
But why didn't you tell us you knew about Alma?
I only know that Mahler was a composer,
but I don't know anything about music.
But I do know...
that Mahler's wife is Alma.
What's the point of saying that?
The look on your face said that back then.
How was I?
"I'll kill you with my face."
You were as cold as 30 degrees below zero.
I admit that I can be very scary.
I should be very careful to avoid that.
I noticed you know quite a lot about paintings.
I wanted to go study arts.
Really?
Did you want to become a painter?
A sculptor.
I wanted to be a sculptor like...
Niki de Saint Phalle who made...
Camille Claudel schemed by Rodin look petty.
Why did you study business instead of fine arts then?
I'm sorry. You probably had your reasons.
It's fine.
What about you? What was your dream?
- Dream? - Your childhood dream.
What did you write...
for your dream when you were a student?
President. President. Chairman.
President? Chairman?
That... That was your dream?
Of course.
I'm the only son of Haesung Corporation.
It must've been hard.
What?
I said that it must've been hard.
What is? What's there to be hard?
Your path was determined since you were young.
It was already determined.
I thought you led a life...
where you had everything you wanted.
I feel sorry for you too.
Hey.
I'm going to be the leader of Haesung Corporation.
Whatever.
You missed the chance...
to find out what kind of person you really are...
if you couldn't even dream of anything else.
Why didn't you dream if that was already granted?
Dreaming things like that makes you happy.
Drinking time is up. Let's go. I'm hungry.
Okay.
But she's a girl.
You should've had plastic surgery to sew it up.
That's what I meant.
I didn't have a choice back then.
Your grandmother insisted to celebrate...
her 60th birthday at home...
when your dad was working abroad.
I couldn't go to a large hospital...
in Jeongseon at night.
Ji An was bleeding so much.
I had no choice but to go to a nearby clinic...
and go to a large hospital the next day.
It made me so nervous that I couldn't look at it.
Grandmother told me later...
that an old doctor who was almost 80 years old...
sewed it up with magnifying glasses on.
80? Magnifying glasses?
The coke bottle lid was so sharp.
She fell while rubbing against it.
How would a one-year-old's bones bare that?
The city hospital doctor told me...
that she was lucky her nerves weren't hurt...
as he put a cast on her.
Mom, please. Stop.
Even though he was my in-law's grandson,
I hit him a few times the next day.
I couldn't treat her wound...
because of the cast.
How would a one-year-old's bones bare that?
When I was a year old,
it was 1991.
Eun Seok went missing...
in August, 1992.
Three years old.
If I hurt my foot in 1991,
I'm...
can't be...
Choi Eun Seok.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(My Golden Life)
I'm now the vice president of Haesung Apparel.
How do you want that girl who stole your job?
You're more like my sister now.
You fit into Haesung Corporation now.
When you found me,
did you have a DNA test?
We couldn't have found you without it.
- Excuse me. - Are you here for Ji An?
Did you give 20,000 dollars to Ji An?
Why do you call her Ji An?
Why did she throw out the photos of me and Ji Soo?
Do you remember me when I was young?
Before we left for Dubai,
you returned from Grandmother's house.
But Ji Soo looked different.
Ji Soo?